Commands:
	Show Hand
		Shows the cards currently in your hand

	Hit
		Draws a new card to your hand

	Double Down
		Hits, doubles the current bet, and stands the hand
			Note: If your bet * 2 is more than your current cash you will be unable to complete this command

	Stand
		Ends the turn and lets the Computer play
		
	Exit
		Exits the game
		
How to play Blackjack:
	This guide assumes you understand card terminology i.e. suits, what is or isn't a face card, etc.
	If you do not understand such terminology then this guide recommends *VERY STRONGLY* to look it up online or in a library
	
	Objective of the game:
		The objective of the game is to get as close as you can to 21 without "busting", or going over the limit.
	
	How values are calculated:
		Values are calculated where each face card is valued at 10.
		Aces are not considered a face card and are valued at 11.
			Note: The only case an Ace isn't valued at 11 but instead is valued at 1 is when an 11 would make the player or dealer bust
		All other cards are valued at their shown number, i.e. A 10 of Spades is valued at 10.
		
	How to play:
		Once hands for the dealer and the player(s) are dealt, play begins.
		The first thing that occurs is the bet.
		A player may only bet from the table's minimum to the maximum amount of chips they have.
			Note: Some tables have table maximums. This is not the case with this program.
		A player may then stand, hit, double down, or split.
		
		Stand:
			Standing is when the player ends their turn, passing play over to the next player or dealer.
			
		Hit:
			When a player hits they are drawing a card and adding it to their hand. This can cause the player to bust.
			
		Double Down:
			This draws a singular card and doubles the player's bet. This will end a player's turn.
				Note: This can only be performed at the beginning of a turn
				
		Split:
			When a player holds two cards of the same value they can split their hand into two.
			Currently this is not implemented and it shall not be explained further.
			
		When the player's turn ends, play passes to the dealer.
		The dealer has specific sets of rules they must follow which shall not be detailed here.
		The winner of the round is the one closest to 21 without going over.
		If the player wins with a blackjack (a hand valued at 21), the player gets 1 and 1/2 times their bet.
		
		If this guide does not explain the game to you look online for guides that are more suited to your tastes.